ankigreeknouns
==============

Greek Noun (and now verb) flash card generator for Anki

## Instructions ##

The selected nouns are the paradigm nouns from Herbert Weir Smyth, _A Greek Grammar for Colleges_ (1920). The paradigm verb is λύω.

To use, import the nouns.txt file into an Anki deck. Check "allow HTML in fields," and choose "Import even if existing note has same first field." This allows you to keep multiple decks with identical cards but different standards for learning. To update a deck originally made with an earlier version of this software, import the new version of the card file into the existing deck with "Update existing notes when first field matches." Old cards whose first fields do not match the current set will have to be deleted by hand.

Some discussion here: http://www.textkit.com/greek-latin-forum/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=62512

The fork from jeidsath's version was motivated by the desire for more detailed noun cards and more concise verb cards. Noun forms in parentheses are Ionic or Doric or hypothetical reconstructed forms given to show the root derivation more clearly. When studying, it is recommended to respond to the cards with these words by recalling the Attic forms. Noun forms separated by a slash are variants attested in Attic writing.

Card files generated by this code are:

1.  nouns.txt, for recognizing noun forms and recalling articles, gender, and dictionary forms
1.  nouns_reverse.txt, for recalling noun forms
1.  verbs.txt, for recognizing verb forms identifying tense, mood, voice, number, person and (for participles) gender and case
1.  verbs_reverse.txt, for recalling verb forms

Additional card files in this repository are:

1. finite_v.txt, containing all finite (conjugated for person and number) forms in non-reduplicated tenses (present, aorist, future, imperfect)
1. finite_redup_v.txt, containing all finite forms in reduplicated (containing the stem λελυ) tenses (perfect, pluperfect, future perfect)
1. infin_particip.txt, containing all infinitive and participle forms
